ryujin copyright and license
============================

This project is licensed under the MIT license
https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html


Bundled third party software
----------------------------

The subdirectory `simd-math/` contains third party software licensed under
the Apache License Version 2.0 and copyrighted by Agner Fog and
collaborators. See https://github.com/vectorclass/version2 and
`simd-math/LICENSE`.


Logo
----

The logo `doc/logo.png` shows a cropped portion of the painting "The
Dragon" by Kunisada II Utagawa which is in the public domain.

https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Kunisada_II_The_Dragon.jpg
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Utagawa_Kunisada_II


Contact
-------

For questions regarding licensing and commercial use please contact
Matthias Maier <maier@math.tamu.edu> and Martin Kronbichler
<kronbichler@lnm.mw.tum.de>.


Full license text
-----------------

Copyright (c) 2020 by the ryujin authors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
